CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Hyper

You want to contribute? You're awesome! Don't know where to start? Check the [easy tag][].

[easy tag]: https://github.com/hyperium/hyper/issues?q=label%3Aeasy+is%3Aopen

When submitting a Pull Request, please have your commits follow these guidelines:


## Git Commit Guidelines

These guidelines have been copied from the [AngularJS](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#-git-commit-guidelines)
project.

We have very precise rules over how our git commit messages can be formatted.  This leads to **more
readable messages** that are easy to follow when looking through the **project history**.  But also,
we use the git commit messages to **generate the change log**.

### Commit Message Format
Each commit message consists of a **header**, a **body** and a **footer**.  The header has a special
format that includes a **type**, a **scope** and a **subject**:

```
<type>(<scope>): <subject>
<BLANK LINE>
<body>
<BLANK LINE>
<footer>
```

Any line of the commit message cannot be longer 100 characters! This allows the message to be easier
to read on github as well as in various git tools.

### Type
Must be one of the following:

* **feat**: A new feature
* **fix**: A bug fix
* **docs**: Documentation only changes
* **style**: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing
  semi-colons, etc)
* **refactor**: A code change that neither fixes a bug or adds a feature
* **perf**: A code change that improves performance
* **test**: Adding missing tests
* **chore**: Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools and libraries such as documentation
    generation

### Scope
The scope should refer to a module in hyper that is being touched. Examples:

* headers
* client
* server
* http
* method
* net
* status
* version

### Subject
The subject contains succinct description of the change:

* use the imperative, present tense: "change" not "changed" nor "changes"
* don't capitalize first letter
* no dot (.) at the end

### Body

Just as in the **subject**, use the imperative, present tense: "change" not "changed" nor "changes"
The body should include the motivation for the change and contrast this with previous behavior.

### Footer

The footer should contain any information about **Breaking Changes** and is also the place to
reference GitHub issues that this commit **Closes**.

The last line of commits introducing breaking changes should be in the form `BREAKING CHANGE: <desc>`


A detailed explanation can be found in this [document][commit-message-format].

[commit-message-format]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QrDFcIiPjSLDn3EL15IJygNPiHORgU1_OOAqWjiDU5Y/edit#

Commit message:

chore(CONTRIBUTING): update link to easy issues

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Hyper

You want to contribute? You're awesome! Don't know where to start? Check the [list of easy issues][].

[easy tag]: https://github.com/hyperium/hyper/issues?q=label%3AE-easy+is%3Aopen


## Pull Requests

When submitting a Pull Request, please have your commits follow these guidelines:

### Git Commit Guidelines

These guidelines have been copied from the [AngularJS](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#-git-commit-guidelines)
project.

We have very precise rules over how our git commit messages can be formatted.  This leads to **more
readable messages** that are easy to follow when looking through the **project history**.  But also,
we use the git commit messages to **generate the change log**.

#### Commit Message Format
Each commit message consists of a **header**, a **body** and a **footer**.  The header has a special
format that includes a **type**, a **scope** and a **subject**:

```
<type>(<scope>): <subject>
<BLANK LINE>
<body>
<BLANK LINE>
<footer>
```

Any line of the commit message cannot be longer 100 characters! This allows the message to be easier
to read on github as well as in various git tools.

#### Type
Must be one of the following:

* **feat**: A new feature
* **fix**: A bug fix
* **docs**: Documentation only changes
* **style**: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing
  semi-colons, etc)
* **refactor**: A code change that neither fixes a bug or adds a feature
* **perf**: A code change that improves performance
* **test**: Adding missing tests
* **chore**: Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools and libraries such as documentation
    generation

#### Scope
The scope should refer to a module in hyper that is being touched. Examples:

* headers
* client
* server
* http
* method
* net
* status
* version

#### Subject

The subject contains succinct description of the change:

* use the imperative, present tense: "change" not "changed" nor "changes"
* don't capitalize first letter
* no dot (.) at the end

#### Body

Just as in the **subject**, use the imperative, present tense: "change" not "changed" nor "changes"
The body should include the motivation for the change and contrast this with previous behavior.

#### Footer

The footer should contain any information about **Breaking Changes** and is also the place to
reference GitHub issues that this commit **Closes**.

The last line of commits introducing breaking changes should be in the form `BREAKING CHANGE: <desc>`


A detailed explanation can be found in this [document][commit-message-format].

[commit-message-format]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QrDFcIiPjSLDn3EL15IJygNPiHORgU1_OOAqWjiDU5Y/edit#
